Updated about-sql.md (#4502)
Codecademy/docs: content/sql/concepts/about-sql/about-sql.md

);
```

## Different Databases and Query Languages

> Different Database Management Systems (DBMS) use different variations of standard SQL, and each DBMS offers different advantages over other DBMS for different use cases. The Most common DBMS in use today is Microsfoft SQL Server (MSSQL), which utilizes Transact-SQL (T-SQL), Microsoft's proprietary SQL  variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different Database Management Systems (DBMS) use various variations of standard SQL, and each DBMS offers different advantages over others for distinct use cases. The most common DBMS in use today is Microsoft SQL Server (MSSQL), which utilizes Transact-SQL (T-SQL), Microsoft's proprietary SQL variant.
```

- SQL Server (T-SQL)
- MySQL (Standard SQL)

> - SQLite (Nonstandard SQL Variant)

Reviewer: SQLite (Nonstandard SQL variant)
